[Music]
hello everyone
in 1957 there was a place called the
land of god that was abandoned
norkenstee town
people were all catholic here more than
400 people in the town were faithful to
god
there was a man living here william he
was a coward since childhood
always faithful to god and praying to
him he was unfortunately chosen to join
the army
many years later he returned to his
hometown again when eating in a
restaurant he took a fancy to a waiter
seeing that she was a kind woman who was
always willing to help people in need
william was completely committed to her
his mom said they were in love
however when he was away in the battle
his mother had already made a deal with
god
she prayed every day as long as he
returned from the war he would marry the
neighbour girl
today the neighbor helen also came to
the church at that time she fell in love
with the priest roy in the church
roy tried to prove his bravery pouring
the spiders on his face
this way of proving courage instantly
attracted helen they fell in love
immediately
william and helen had no feelings for
each other so they freely went after the
ones they loved having happy families
roy wanted to prove the existence of god
he was no longer pleased with spiders on
his face every week
he wanted to use more exaggerated
actions to prove god's miracles
roy said he would take helen to preach
in the rural area helen came to william
with her daughter in her arms
his mother was entrusted to take care of
helen's daughter roy took helen to a
remote forest and killed her on the spot
roy had a heated conversation with god
saying he had passed the test of god
the loss of his wife completely overcame
his fear now god could manifest him
but there was no god replying to him
helen was dead roy who failed to bring
his wife back to life
no longer believed that there was god in
the world as he came out of the forest
he met a couple with guns
he turned down their strange request and
was killed on the spot
after william got married he had a child
named arvin arvin was a lovely boy
the bullies in the town fell in love
with charlotte wanting to take her for
himself
so they threatened william william
couldn't be scared away he came home to
save his wife in time
in the process arvin saw his father
beaten by two guys and his mother
covered in blood
this had caused a huge shadow in arvin's
heart tragedy came to william one more
time
charlotte was suffering from cancer the
doctor said there was nothing he could
do
william took arvin to the back mountain
to pray but there was no improvement
willie had killed arvan's pet dog and
wanted to make a deal with god to save
his wife
but god was not a trader charlotte
passed away despite all efforts
on the way home arvin was desperate but
his father was way more
he committed suicide in front of the
cross on the back mountain
the police came and solved the case the
sheriff lee comforted arvin and sent him
to his grandma's house
when arvin moved here to live with his
grandma he met helen's daughter lenora
they became friends and grew up together
in his grandma's house their
relationship was subtle but lenora was a
very kind girl
because of her kindness she was always
bullied at school the bullies always
liked to put a bag around lenora's head
arvin couldn't bear it just when arvin
was busy fighting the bullies lenora
drove around in a luxury car with
someone she liked this man was the new
priest in town
reverend just like her mother lenora
developed a feeling for the priest
brev was knowledgeable talking from the
seven sins of humans to how god created
human beings
to fascinate her he said he was closer
to god but it was just to satisfy the
animal desiring him
unfortunately lenora was pregnant she
told rev the news
rev said they didn't do anything that
day just talking about god
lenora blamed her pregnancy on herself
it was a blasphemy against god
rev as a priest not only didn't admit
his mistake but also humiliated her in
return
lenora who had always been devout
couldn't bear it she decided to commit
suicide
arvind saw the police when he went back
the police told arvin lenora was
pregnant before she committed suicide
it made arvin angry he suddenly thought
of reverend following the investigation
he found that rev often induced people
in the village he supposed that rev was
the father of lenora's baby
he confronted reverend rev denied it
saying lenora's baby was someone else's
illegitimate child
he was only a priest but arvind's
childhood experience made him understand
sometimes priests were monsters
he killed rev on the spot arvin embarked
on the road of escape
he was looking for a taxi on the
suburban road unexpectedly the serial
killer couple was just looking for a
target and drove to the remote area
the man said it would be convenient to
get off the car arvin found the guns on
their waists
he pulled out his gun immediately
opening the door and striking first
watching the man get killed the woman
pointed her gun at arvin and they shot
at the same time
but what she didn't expect was the man
didn't trust her at all
her gun had no bullets she was shot by
arvin the two serial killers were killed
by the very target
after arvin killed two people he checked
their belongings he found out that they
were serial killers
he felt that he was acting on behalf of
heaven there was a lot less guilt in him
the death of the priest and the serial
killer couple attracted the resident's
attention
the serial killer couple was actually
the sheriff's sister and brother-in-law
and he was the one who comforted arvin
the whole time lee went to arvin's
grandma's house
during the investigation he quickly
identified the suspect as arvin
he supposed to darwin would return to
the old house where he once lived
so he drove there after many hardships
arvin returned to the old town
but the house he used to live in with
his parents had been dismantled
that was all that was left the wooden
cross that darvin dead not looked
directly at
he dug out the bones of his dog under
the cross and reburied him
after that he recalled his life with his
parents just then lee came
in the woods where the leaves were
falling lee who avenged his sister in
arvin who defended himself pulled out
the guns at the same time
it was a pity that lee's shot was just a
second slower than arvin's
arvin left the woods alive he got into a
hippie's car
he wanted to leave this place full of
evil god's forsaken land
no one in the film was a good character
they committed crimes one way or another
so this place had become a place
abandoned by god the residents also
became the forgotten ones
this thrill excited so many people many
people thought that the last murderer
could get away with his sin but could he
get away with repentance
those facts have not been published for
some reason i think the good part of the
film is that the mere wrong doings were
just as terrible as the covered up truth
this is all for today follow me to know
more amazing movies
i'll see you next time